website/docs: add that the Grant Types are now on UI (#22315)
goauthentik/authentik: website/docs/install-config/first-steps/index.mdx

          [_stages_](../../add-secure-apps/flows-stages/stages/index.md) of authorization are
          defined and executed. The defined set of stages construct the workflows of authentication,
          authorization, etc.
    - **Protocol settings**: provide the following required configurations:
        - Note the **Client ID**, **Client Secret**, and **Slug** values because they will be required later when you configure Grafana to use authentik.

>         - Set the **Redirect UIR as a `Strict` redirect to `https://grafana.company/login/generic_oauth`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        - Set the **Redirect URI** as a `Strict` redirect to `https://grafana.company/login/generic_oauth`.
```

>             - <strong className="tip">TIP</strong>: The Redirect URI is where the application will go as soon as authentik's authorization flow is successfully completed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            - <strong className="tip">TIP</strong>: The Redirect URI is where a user is directed to once authentik's authorization flow is successfully completed.
```

          [_stages_](../../add-secure-apps/flows-stages/stages/index.md) of authorization are
          defined and executed. The defined set of stages construct the workflows of authentication,
          authorization, etc.
    - **Protocol settings**: provide the following required configurations:
        - Note the **Client ID**, **Client Secret**, and **Slug** values because they will be required later when you configure Grafana to use authentik.

>         - Set the **Redirect URI**as a `Strict` redirect to `https://grafana.company/login/generic_oauth`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        - Set the **Redirect URI** as a `Strict` redirect to `https://grafana.company/login/generic_oauth`.
```

Author: more coffee for me, thanks Dewi!

            - <strong className="tip">TIP</strong>: The Redirect URI is where where a user is
              directed to, as soon as authentik's authorization flow is successfully completed.

>     - **\*Grant Types** (required): Select at least one [grant type](../../add-secure-apps/providers/oauth2/#oauth-20-flows-and-grant-types) that the provider can use.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - **Grant Types** (required): Select at least one [grant type](../../add-secure-apps/providers/oauth2/#oauth-20-flows-and-grant-types) that the provider can use.
```

Author: imma cry... thanks you for catching this. why is make docs reformatting things whahhhh

        - <strong className="tip">TIP</strong>: authentik generates a key that you can use, called
          the `authentik Self-signed Certificate`, if you do not have a specific signing key for an
          application.
- **Configure Bindings** _(optional)_: for this tutorial, skip this step because you do not yet have a user. Later, after you create your first user, you can [create a binding](../../add-secure-apps/bindings-overview/work-with-bindings.md) to manage the display and access to applications on a user's **My applications** page.
    - <strong className="tip">TIP</strong>: By creating a binding between an application and a
      specific user, you are ensuring that the application is accessible only to that user and any
      other users or groups for whom you created a binding. Learn more about how bindings are used
      in authentik in our [Bindings overview](../../add-secure-apps/bindings-overview/index.md). For

>       any fields not mentioned above, you can leave the default value.

Reviewer 2: shouldn't this be on 121, extra new line here

Author: i fix it and then when I run make docs it gets broken up like this. still displays correctly, but looks horrible in markdown

Reviewer 2: it shouldn't. Lines don't usually wrap in the markdown file
